# Writetheman

Create, show and list the <a href='http://middlemanapp.com/basics/blogging/'>middleman blog</a> articles.

It's used by my middleman editor <a href='https://github.com/davidtysman/railstheman'>RailsTheMan</a> to manage articles in the browser.

## Installation

    gem install writetheman

## Usage

### Init

Config the path of your local middleman :

	article = Writetheman::Article::Base.new(yourpath)
	blog = Writetheman::Blog.new(yourpath)

Init the article :

    article.title = title
    article.date = date
    article.body = body
    article.header = header # string
    OR article.header_params = {'tags'=>tags}

### Operations

Create a new article :

	article.create

Update an article :

    article.update(oldfilename)

Read an article file

	article.load_from_file(filename)
	OR article.load_from_title(title, date)

After loading it you have access to the article attributes

    puts(article.title)
    puts(article.tags)
    puts(article.str_date)
    puts(article.body)

List articles :

	articles = blog.list_articles


## To improve

I writed it to use with a html text editor (see my rails admin).  
But more often, the html generated by editors is ugly.  
I tried to deal with it, but it could be better.  
Also I'll move this part of code in the rails admin.  

Another thing to improve : because middleman-blog display the articles by the date, the hour in the header is important (it doesn't show articles in the futur).  
To avoid the jet lag (for example, article generated in europe hour but displayed in github timezone), I set the hour at 0:0. It would be better able to config it.


## License

MIT, have fun